Document the Metrics page and Victoria Logs (#277)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: controller.rst

Each unit exports two types of metrics:

.. note::

   Starting from NethSecurity 8.8, Netdata is not installed by default on units.
   It is only needed for legacy or custom controller dashboards and can be reinstalled manually as an exception.

> - system operating metrics (CPU, memory, disk, network): these metrics are collected using `Netdata <https://www.netdata.cloud/>`_

Author: ```suggestion
- system operating metrics (CPU, memory, disk, network): these metrics are collected using `Telegraf <https://www.influxdata.com/time-series-platform/telegraf/>`_
```

>   when it is available and stored in `Prometheus <https://prometheus.io/>`_. As soon as a unit is connected, the controller starts scraping the metrics.

Author: ```suggestion
  and stored in `Prometheus <https://prometheus.io/>`_. As soon as a unit is connected, the controller starts scraping the metrics.
```

Prometheus metrics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Prometheus metrics are collected using Netdata when it is available and stored in a Prometheus database.

Author: ```suggestion
Prometheus metrics are collected using Telegraf by default. But when Netdata is available, Prometheus will scrape metrics also from it.
```
